 Alright, let me try to talk through what I remember from the rise of nationalism in Europe. I'll just say what comes to mind and see where I get stuck. So, a nation is basically a big group of people who share things like language, history and I think live under one government. I remember reading about Frederick Sorio. He was some French artist in 1848. He made these prints showing people from different countries marching together towards the Statue of Liberty.  I think those stood for the end of old monarchy or something, but I'm not totally sure. The French Revolution was a big deal for nationalism. It made people in France feel more united, and they set up a republic after getting rid of the king. Then Napoleon came, and he made a lot of changes. I know he made everyone equal before the law and got rid of privileges by birth, but I'm a bit fuzzy on what else he did. Maybe something about proper  rights and making travel or business easier. For Italy, I remember Giuseppe Medzini started young Italy and wanted all the small states to join together. There were some failed attempts but then Sardini appeed Montt took over, led by Cavalry. Garibaldi helped in the south and eventually Victor Emmanuel II became king over United Italy. I can't remember the exact year though, maybe 1861, Germany was also split into lots of  states. The Frank Fertisembley tried to unite them, but the king of Prussia said no. Later, Bismarck, who was like the chief minister, fought wars with Denmark, Austria and France. After winning those, Germany got united, and the Prussian king became Kaiser William. I think this happened in 1871, but I should double check. There were also these female symbols, Marianne for France and Germany. Marianne had a red cap, and  was on Coins and Stamps.  But I should probably read more about that. So, yeah, I remember the main events, but I definitely need to review Napoleon's reforms, the exact years of unification, and the whole nationalism versus imperialism thing. And why they used female allegories for nations? Still not clear on that.